---
layout: page
title: CO reduction to propanol
permalink: /articles/002-1/
---
# Abstract

# Introduction
Electricity from solar and wind power can now be produced in a financially sustainable way and can contribute to the conversion. But storing and transporting energy still pose a challenge. Here, catalytic processes may play a key role. For example, electrochemically reducing carbon dioxide (CO2) into fuels is one promising way in converting and storing renewable energy into chemical form, which is also environment-beneficial in decreasing the CO2 concentration in atmosphere.

The problem is that today we don’t have catalysts effective enough to catalyze CO2 reduction (CO2RR). Until now, Copper (Cu) is the only single metal that can electrochemically reduce CO2 into hydrocarbons. At pH 6.8, up to 16 different productions has been reported in reducing CO2 using Cu poly-crystalline. At an applied potential of -1.05 V, the amounts of these products are: ethylene(CH2=CH2, 27%), methane(CH4, 26%), ethanol(CH3CH2OH, 11%), n-propanol(CH3CH2CH2OH, 4%), allyl alcohol (CH2=CHCH2OH, 2%), formate(HCO2-, 2%), monoxodie (CO, 1%),  acetaldehyde (CH3CHO, 0.4%), acetate (CH3COO−, 0.3%), glycolaldehyde(HOCH2-CHO, 0.3%), ethylene glycol(HO−CH2CH2−OH, 0.2%), acetone(CH3-CO-CH3, 0.1), methanol (CH3OH, <0.1%), propionaldehyde (CH3CH2CHO, <0.1%) and etc. Meanwhile, ~21% FE attributes to hydrogen evaluation reaction (HER) as the major competing reaction lowing the efficiency. At pH 6.8, the standard reduction potentials of major productions (ethylene, methane, ethanol, n-propanol and ally alcohol)  are all positive (0.08, 0.17, 0.09, 0.21 and 0.11, respectively), thus thermodynamically favorable, -0.75 for the onset, and -1.05 for current.
However, the performance of Cu on CO2RR is still far from meeting the requirement for any practical industrial applications. Instead, the ideal catalysis will have high selectivity with low overpotential (or high current).

n-propanol is the ideal product with high energy density of 30.94 KJ/g and octane number of 118, which approaches fuel efficiency of gasoline. Meanwhile, the low solubility of n-propanol highly facilitates the following distillations process, making n-propanol is even more attractive. Therefore, the new generation of catalysis should be n-Pr-OH active. In the pioneering studies of Hori et al, they reported that n-propanol could be produced on Cu(100) surfaces with a faradic efficiency (FE) of 1.5% with the partial current density of −0.08 mA/cm2 at xx. Further improvements were made when CO2 reduction was carried out using stepped Cu(100) surfaces. For example, the jn-propanol increased to −0.23 mA/cm2 (FE = 4.6%) on the high-index Cu(S)-[4(100)×(111)] surface.(9) Recently, Kanan and co-workers reported that CO could be reduced to n-propanol on roughened Cu nanoparticles with a maximum jn-propanol of −0.08 mA/cm2 (FE = 10.0%) at −0.4 V.(12, 13). At −0.95 V (vs RHE), n-propanol was formed on the Cu nanocrystals with an unprecedentedly high and stable jn-propanol of −1.74 mA/cm2, which is ∼25× larger than that found on Cu0 nanoparticles at the same applied potential. Kim et al reported 4%.



The current performance is still too low to be useful.
The improvement is still very unlikely in the near future without a well understanding the reaction mechanism.

In this work, we predict the reaction mechanism of n-Pr-OH formation using the method we previously developed. These methods give us very good understanding about the reaction mechanism.

Basing on the experiment results and our instinct, forming two C-C bounds simultaneously is very unlikely. This is consistent with experiment. Thus the most possible pathway of Pr-OH formation is along C2 pathway.

We thus, test all the possible pathway of the second C-C bond formation along with the C-C pathway. The results is show in Figure 2.

Thus, we predicted that the second C-C bond formation is in the stage of CH2-C + CO.

We show the scheme here.

From CH2-C-CO to n-PrOH have 6 steps. we explode all the possible pathways and find the following reactions.

Now we give our suggestions.
1.  pH effect
2.  CO effect
