---
layout: page
title: CO reduction to propanol
permalink: /articles/002/
---
# Abstract

# Introduction
**Reducing carbon dioxide (CO2) into hydrogen carbon (CxHy) is a promising way in converting and storing renewable energy into chemical form. However, such process is too energy intensive to be efficient which prevent the large scale industrial application. Catalysis is the center of the problem. As far as now, Copper (Cu) is only single metal that can electrochemically reduce CO2 into CxHy. Among these products, C1 and C2 are major productions, while the higher CxHy production is major. However, higher CxHy is more desirable because the decrease in solubility make the following separation much easier that significantly reduce the energy and make the process more simple. Recently, xx group reported a Cu nanoparticle catalysis that exhibits superior performance in producing propanol. However, the reaction mechanism of propanol formation is still far from clear.**

**In our previous work, we have thoroughly investigate the reaction mechanism of CH4 formation and C2H4 formation. Apparently, C3 formation first requires C-C coupling. Therefore, very possibly, C3 is along with C2. The question is that in which stage that CO couples with a reactive intermediate forming the second C-C bond. In Yang's work, they found that C2 and C3 have different tafel slope, and they conclude that C2 and C3 have different rate determining step (RDS). In xx's work, they found that reducing C2H4 together with CO have C3 production, and they concluded that C3 formation is in the late stage.**

**In this work, we employed multi-scale simulation to investigate the reaction mechanism of C3 formation. We first grow a Cu NP by closely simulating the experiment condition. From this Cu NP, we extracted surface sites that can chemically adsorbed C2H4. We then carried out DFT calculations to investigate the possible reactions to forming C3**
# Results
## reactions of CO-C2 coupling
- **explain why we first take C2H4 active sites for candidate**
- **reactions 1: OC-CO + CO ==> OC-CO-CO**
- **reactions 2: OC-COH + CO ==> OC-COH-CO**
- **reactions 3: OC-COH + CO ==> HOC-CO-CO**
- **reactions 4: HOC-COH + CO ==> HOC-COH-CO**
- **reactions 5: C-COH + CO ==> OC-C-COH**
- **reactions 6: C-COH + CO ==> C-COH-CO**
- **reactions 7: CH-COH + CO ==> OC-CH-COH**
- **reactions 8: CH-COH + CO ==> CH-COH-CO**
- **reactions 9: CH-C + CO ==> OC-CH-C**
- **reactions 10: CH-C + CO ==> CH-C-CO**
- **reactions 11: CH2-C + CO ==> OC-CH2-C**
- **reactions 12: CH2-C + CO ==> CH2-C-CO**
- **reactions 13: CH2-CH + CO ==> OC-CH2-CH**
- **reactions 14: CH2-CH + CO ==> CH2-CH-CO**
- **reactions 15: CH2=CH2 + CO ==> CH2-CH2-CO**

## reactions from CH2=CH2 to CH3-CH2-CH2OH
- **reaction 16: CH2-CH2-CO + H2O + e- ==> CH2-CH2-CHO + OH-**
- **reaction 17: CH2-CH2-CHO + H2O + e- ==> CH3-CH2-CHO + OH-**
- **reaction 18: CH3-CH2-CHO + H2O + e- ==> CH3-CH2-CHOH + OH-**
- **reaction 19: CH3-CH2-CHOH + H2O + e- ==> CH3-CH2-CH2OH + OH-**

## reactions from CH-C-CO to CH3-CH2-CH2OH
- **the energy calculations should be enough**

# Conclusion
**In this work, we employed DFT calculations to investigate the reaction mechanism of propanol formation.**
